[VAULT-20073] Docs: update docs on Sentinel RGP group policy application (#23292)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/enterprise/sentinel/index.mdx

</Tip>

> <Warning>
>   Starting with Vault versions 1.15.0, 1.14.4, and 1.13.8 RGPs derived
>   from identity group memberships are applied only to entities in child namespaces. 
>   Read the scenarios below to familiarize yourself with the changes.
> </Warning>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Warning>

  As of the following versions, Vault only applies RPGs derived from identity
  group membership to entities in child namespaces:

  - `1.15.0+`
  - `1.14.4+`
  - `1.13.8+`

</Warning>

The scenarios below describe the relevant changes in more detail.
```

>   Starting with Vault versions 1.15.0, 1.14.4, and 1.13.8 RGPs derived
>   from identity group memberships are applied to requests in child namespaces,
>   instead of parent ones. Read the scenarios below to familiarize yourself with the changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Starting with Vault versions 1.15.0, 1.14.4, and 1.13.8 RGPs derived
  from identity group memberships are applied to entities in child namespaces,
  only. Read the scenarios below to familiarize yourself with the changes.
```

Reviewer 2: I believe this is correct: if I'm in the root namespace, and a child imposed a deny-all to me, I would still be able to read the child namespace, as I understand it.

Author: Thanks, Violet!
